hey everyone I hope you all really well
and they are all enjoying februari so
far I was so happy that I got to turn
over January and my calendar and not
just because Harry Styles is
mid-february but just the kids i really
love looking forward to spring and
valentines and everything that fairy
brings with it sorry today i am going to
be doing a super exciting prime not cool
which everyone always loved so i really
hope you enjoy that but there's also
something extra special about this whole
because i'm also going to be doing a
giveaway of this lovely 50-pound about
tell which park are very kindly let me
give away on my channel so i'm going to
give you details and how to win this at
the end of my video to make sure you
keep watching until the end and that
first what i want to do is show you what
I bought with 50 pounds in primer to
give you a bit of inspiration as to what
you might spend the voucher on sorry
let's get cracking first thing I found I
think might be the next kind of it dress
from Primark I think I was a very
similar red version about this time last
year and so when I saw this hold on i
would just assemble it for you this pink
version right here I knew I just have to
have it it's kind of like a hot pink or
magenta smock dress you can see it kind
of looks like it gathers in at the waist
but actually it kind of hangs fairly
loose and then it's just got this really
cute kind of and monochrome flower print
on it and I couldn't really decide if it
was ugly or really great and I decided
it was really great and I wore it today
actually early today but it off so I
could show you and yeah we rarely today
and actually it was my most like liked
Instagram photo ever so I will link my
Instagram below if you want to go see
what that looks like on it's just so
pretty so flattering and like a really
good statement piece and only eight
pound which is like ridiculous for a
dress and next up we have a kind of
really fashion item I've wanted for a
real long time and I'm just so happy
that primakov side doing them and it is
a skort now I think I had to explain
what Scott was too
my boyfriend and all I could think of
was what I used to work brownies so if
you used to wear a skirt of brownies let
me know in the comments below because I
think I definitely did but it made a
comeback in a big way and at the moment
and this you can't really see T well on
here but basically it's kind of like an
asymmetrical skirt at the front and then
put a short at the back which is just
incredible just love it it's actually
really really flattering and because it
kind of like skims over the hips and
everything and it's not going to for me
to wear to work as well which is great I
love wearing this around the office and
if you want to see what this looks like
on then I wore this with the top about
to show and in an outfit of the night on
and face vixx's channel and have look so
I will link the rug below and you can
see exactly what that light on top that
I decided to wear that skirt with own
the skort was 10 pounds and on the
outfit that I would say was this
electric blue and kind of cropped and
structured textured top yeah basically
I'm really sorry for this light and
drinks blood I think that I need to wash
it still from when we wore it out but
anyway and yeah I really love these
you've probably seen loaded these around
and got them in topshop a new look
someone I saw this for only six pound I
had to pick it up I got an electric blue
which isn't kind of the first color I
would usually go for I'm trying to kind
of push my boundaries a bit in terms of
what I'm wearing because I can get very
you know black white and then maybe some
pink so gone productively and actually
really like it it's really flattering
again and it looks really good it kind
of smiles up any outfit ok the next
thing I got with my 50 pounds and you
might not like it to me wild times I
liked up not but now I really love it
and it is this kind of Yeti esque um
crop jumper and sorry about my awkward
arm over here but yeah it's a crop
jumper as you can see and it has these
cute face and high neck and it reminds
me of kind of like the 60s or the 50s
I'll definitely do an outfit of the day
with this song it's really really cute i
might even want to Fashion Week's I'm
actually going to show
so excited about and this is ten pound
super soft and super cozy and I wore
this to work and a lot of people said
they really liked it that was very very
nice the next thing I got for us some
pajamas and i absolutely love getting
genres from Primark because I don't know
he really wants to spend a fortune on
their pajamas and these ones kind of
make me look like a tighter plate which
you know I'm not sure whether it's a
good or bad thing but i really liked in
a really classic and the whole like
button up long sleeve kind of fleecy
fabric I had Christmas ones like these
I've worn in my evening skincare routine
and so basically I wanted some springy
ones and they've got cute trim around
the outside now just really love the
whole pale blue and cream thing so I
cannot wait to cozy up in those 290
neighs a 7-pound last not least I spent
the last ten pound on some boots and I
really really like these it just kind of
like classic Brown Chelsea boots and a
real i crying babies with this dress
again I think I was wearing this dress
in phase vlogs you can always go check
out that outfit and yeah really like
these kenpom can't go wrong and the
comfy and it'd make a nice change from
black black boots and stuff and me we're
so that's what I got from home up if
you've added all of those up you'll
actually realized that all cost me fifty
one pound but let's not replant it here
and see ya let's get on to how you
cannot win that voucher so I'm going to
run the about to give away from when
this video uploads and all the way till
the end of februari which is a 28 so to
win this visit pan bao cho all you have
to do is subscribe to my channel which
is megs budget be cheap but it might be
most beauty for the time that goes up
and having your name change but anyway
you'll see the subscribe button around
here somewhere to click subscribe to my
channel and then also please give this
video a big thumbs up to show that you
like it and leave a comment below
telling me what kind of items you'd want
to buy from Primark if you won this
voucher and you also need to leave your
twitter handle
and because I'm gonna contact the
winners on Twitter and so everyone else
can see who I've announced cuz I'm not
really sure how idea through YouTube so
you also need to go over and follow my
twitter account as well which is just
Meg's boutique but i'll link that in the
bar below so you can definitely get the
right one so yeah so comment like
subscribe follow my twitter and make
sure that you leave your handle is also
i can get in touch with the winner and
which will be picked on the twentieth of
February's sigh good luck everyone and i
hope you've really enjoyed this whole
and I it's kind of been I didn't it a
bit different to usual but I hope you
liked seeing what I got with a certain
amount of money and stuff like that and
thank you to any new subscribers that
have come over from phase Dixon's
channel and it's so amazing to reach
over 6,000 subs and yeah and I just love
you all for watching me and just being
amazing and so yeah I hope you're all
having and lossy week oh please do check
out my blog and all my items around
which everything below and I will see
you very soon bye